the first Bladerunner was revolutionary
culture shocking and an inspiration to
thousands as it proved to us even
Hollywood accepts rough drafts now I
don't know if you saw the director's cut
the ultimate cut or the other 2049 final
cuts that there are the first film but
to catch you up to figure out what
happens in the sequel pretty much all
you have to know is that there is a
dystopian la and where they've
engineered these things called
replicants and these things just aren't
robots like Westworld they actually look
like real humans inside and out most of
them were sent with the Transformers to
another planet to do all of this
miniscule work but some of them come
back to earth with a vengeance and so
Ford a Blade Runner who is a person
who's hired to go out and kill them is
hired to go out and kill them throughout
the entirety of the first movie we
follow him try to do that and then by
the end of it he instead falls in love
with one and runs away now it's the
sequel the year is 2040 9 and Ryan
Gosling is a Blade Runner better soil
replicants which I believe he wasn't
drive to he's going out like a house
slave killing his own kind
when he comes across some info that
reveals that Ford and his Robo chick had
a baby this is such a big deal for the
bioengineer played by Jared Leto that he
gives an over-the-top performance his
big goal is to create replicas that can
get jiggy with it and have their own
kids thus he can call himself a God
since he'd be creating his own species
it's West world in the meantime Agent K
is chilling at home with his hot version
of Siri as he questions whether he's
human or not joy which is an AI system
that's meant to pretend to be your
girlfriend has whispered sweet nothings
to him making him believe that the
memories he keeps having of himself as a
child which can't be real since he's of
replicants are actually real he goes on
this big journey finding transcripts
that seems to point as him being the
child he finds this wooden horse he
thing he saw in his visions and right
when he comes across his papa Ford gets
taken away his AI girlfriend gets
destroyed and then this random militia
group tells him that he ain't special
and every replicant is given memories by
a designer a designer who ends up being
the actual daughter of Rick Deckard when
he realizes all of this he has to make a
decision
live as a programmed robot or make a
choice and give himself purpose the
script says purpose he goes to save
Deckard from Frieza stages Deckard's
death delivers him to meet his daughter
and dies in the snow the same way Roy
badi died in the rain after saving
Deckard now my twin brother made a
deeper video talking about all the
philosophical stuff in this movie but
for us simpletons it makes us ask at
what point will robots be so advanced
that we can't tell the difference with
VR and all this other stuff that's
coming up at what point will we talk to
our computers more than actual people
and most of all at what point can you
buy a copy of joy thanks for watching
this video let me know what other movies
TV shows had keepin some music albums
that you want me to explain in minutes
whatever it is pretty much just write it
down below in the comment section show
it to your grandma and don't forget to
subscribe